HELM-332: HELM: Regex for Grafana Template Variable does not work on labels [Performance Datasource] (#477)
OpenNMS/opennms-helm: docs/modules/datasources/pages/performance_datasource.adoc

nodeResources(FS:FID)
```

> To query only SNMP interface resources on the node with ID 42, and to display the interfaces resources labels rather than their often-cryptic IDs, you might use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To query only SNMP interface resources on the node with ID 42, and to display the interface's resource labels rather than their often-cryptic IDs, you might use:
```

Reviewer: Suggested update based on Mark's feedback. Thanks!

```
nodeResources(42, label, interfaceSnmp)
```

To query all resources on the node with ID 42, and labels that match the regular expression \*.DPN.*, you might use:
```
nodeResources(42, label, *, .*DPN.*)
```

The available arguments are as follows:
[options="header, %autowidth"]
|===
| Name              | Required | Default  | Description
| resourceId        | Required | `(none)` | The ID of the node (either databaseId or foreignSource:foreignId) for which to display resources.
| textProperty      | Optional | `id`     | One of `id`, `label`, or `name` to display alternate string values in the variable drop-down menu.
| resourceType      | Optional | `*`      | Resource type filter to limit the types of resources returned.

> | Regular expression| Optional | RegExp   | Regular expression to filter the result by `textProperty`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Regular expression| Optional | RegExp   | Regular expression filter applied to the resource field specified by the `textProperty` argument.
```

> nodeResources(42, label, interfaceSnmp)

Reviewer: Note, in line 188, please update "interfaces resources' labels" to "interface resource labels"

Reviewer 2: shouldn't it be the `interface's resource labels` as there are multiple "resource label"s for each interface?

Reviewer: I read it as a singular "SNMP interface". If there are multiple, then yes, it should be "interface's resource labels". Thanks!
